"Um, and then, you know, I couldn't get into the list I just told you about, but there was something that I was having trouble dealing with a little bit just for things..." I decided to ask about that example. "Actually... Yoisho" I removed the heavy sword "Demon Sword Karadborg” from the item box. "When I defeated Dungeon Boss Behemoth, this came out. Demon Sword Karadborg" "Bufo." Elland the beauty elf blew it. Buffoo, buffoo. "Ma, ma, ma, is that the Devil's Sword?! The fact that Mr. Elland is so surprised seems to have been a nasty bum after all. "And what is the Devil's Sword... The dungeons here were also more challenging, so if they attacked it, I thought maybe..." When I heard the story, he said that there were only four demon swords whose real objects were confirmed. The first is the "Devil's Sword Juwaiyuz," which is said to have been brought back from the dungeon 0 years ago by a brave man chosen by God, and this is kept strictly in the Church of the Lubanov main mountain of the Holy Kingdom of Lubanov. The second is the "Devil's Sword Brutgang" in the possession of the Geisler Empire. They say this sword came out of a dungeon in the Geisler Empire about 400 years ago, but the Geisler Empire sent 30,000 soldiers into the dungeon to get this demon sword. The third is Belisarda, the Devil's Sword, owned by the Kingdom of Marvel. They say this was brought back from some dungeon 300 years ago by an S-rank adventurer from the then Kingdom of Marvel. It is said that the Kingdom of Marvel bought it, but it is rumored that its value corresponds to the state budget of the then Kingdom of Marvel. The fourth is the "Devil's Sword Alondite" owned here by the Kingdom of Leonhardt. They say this was brought back by the first king of this country from a dungeon in this country (which, by the way, is not a dungeon here in Drun). I wondered who the first king was strong enough to bring home the Devil's Sword from the dungeon, but I'd like to hear that in my spare time. And my brought back "Demon Sword Karadborg” is going to be the fifth Demon Sword, but I'm curious. "Um, all four demon swords you've just heard are held by the state..." Mr Erland's explanation makes me wonder if they all say that O-O country owns it or something. "That's right. The Devil's Sword, also known as the symbol of power, will be kept strictly by the nation." What, I have something in my possession in the country? "Oh, uh, what about the purchase? It's too heavy for me to handle, and I don't want the state to keep it tight. If I stay like this, I'm going to get you to sleep in the item box forever. "Don't be silly. There's no way you can buy a demon sword that's comparable to the state budget." That's what Mr. Elland said with a frightened face. Yes, you are. I'm sorry for being impotent. "I didn't say anything about buying it, and it's your hand to try it yourself. If you're a swordsman, it's another dream." No, I'm not a swordsman, and I don't. Before I do, it's hard just to hold this. "Well, this sword is too heavy for me to handle." "Oh, really? May I have it for a moment? "Fine," Mr. Erland said, returning it, "Mr. Erland pulled Karadborg out of his sheath and set him up. "It does weigh a lot. It doesn't mean you can't shake it." Mr. Erland stands up and gently shakes Caradoborg. Mr. Elland, I'm going to shake that. Ex-S Rank Adventurer. Even though it's hard for me to just have it. "That sounds like Adamantite." "Bufo." Whoa, Mr. Elland blew it again. I got my second bufo today. "Are you made of A, A, A, Adamantite?! "That's what the appraisal says." Does Adamantite surprise you? Mithrills are usually there, so I thought Adamantite would be expensive metal and have less circulation. "When it comes to Adamantite, it's a legendary metal that they say can't hurt anyone..." Oh, that's the setting in this world. Aha, this is really going to be permanently saved in the item box. "As it is, well, I can't use it, and I'll keep it in the item box for a while" "I hope so." I received Karadoborg from Mr. Erland and it turned into an item box. Yeah, permanently saved decision in the "Demon Sword Karadborg” item box. Well, maybe we'll be treated in time. I don't know when. "Oh, yeah, there was something I had to tell you. Mr. Mkoda, you've been promoted to A-rank." .................. what? Uh, well, I was C-ranked, right? Why are you suddenly A-ranked? "What, A-rank? "Yeah, we can't leave you in C-rank for breaking through the dungeons here." That's why. So until now, the cards of the silver C-rank have been confiscated by Mr. Erland. No questions asked, I was pushed a gold A-rank card. When I say I stepped on it, I haven't fought much, and it's like I stepped on it because of everyone else. "So when are you going to decide what to buy? "It will mean consulting with both the deputy guild masters, but I would like to decide by about the day after tomorrow. We must go to the Adventurer Alliance headquarters and the Royal Palace as soon as possible. It's a real hassle..." Mr. Elland, this is a real leak. They have to go give a detailed description of anything dungeon trampling. "If it's true, it would be best if the treading adventurer could come with us." That's what Mr. Erland says. I'm going to take a look at this one. "Hey, I don't like that. I'd like to resign if I can." I'm sorry to see the great man in the Adventurer's Guild or go to the Royal Palace. I'm just tired of seeing people like that. Besides, I don't like it when people find out I'm from another world. "Is that right, after all? I've heard that Mr. Mukoda doesn't want to be too disturbed, and I've heard from the royal palace that you don't have to." Thank you, thank you. I'm glad the king of this country understands the story. "You have no choice, do you decide to go to Wangdu by myself? If Mr. Mkoda is with you, it means Dra is with you, so I thought it would be something fun on the road. I really wanted to take a long vacation and follow the Mkodas...... When I wrote and sent out my vacation petition, the deputy guild master broke it. Don't you think it's terrible? So I said," If you like Alliance Masters any more, I'll boycott your work. " No, I don't think it's you who does the job that's terrible, fully. Deputy Alliance Master, I beg your pardon. "I'm still in this city because, well, there's still something about buying drops, and if I get a dragon ahead of me, I'll bring it to this city." When I said that, Mr. Elland came out with his hands on the table. "That word, isn't it true?! Hey, because it's a little close to my face. "Yeah, it's true." Or about here, I can't believe you dismantled the dragon. I don't know if I'm going to get ahead of myself, but when I do, I'll put it in the item box and bring it here. "It's a promise, hey! That's what Mr. Elland told me when he grabbed me by the shoulder, and I nodded over and over again. "Well, then, I'll be back about the day after tomorrow when I decide to buy something." That's what I said. I left the Adventurer Guild free. If I were here any longer, I would have had an atmosphere where Mr. Elland would have listened to the dragon for a long time.