"... I don't like it." "I thought you didn't answer. "... you" Susami didn't stop laughing with his spare time. Still, there's so much you can't put on your teeth, this guy... "What do you think of me as a friend? I'm not your friend. I'm not your friend. "Oh, really? She said she was a friend." "He thinks so somehow." I had orange cooking the other day. Indeed, at that time, Orange told me that she was my friend. I don't know his intentions or his true feelings. "I'm a friend in the first place. Where are you friends from and where are you different from? If you think one of them is a friend, is it already a friend? "Come on, it doesn't matter. Does that bother you? "It's not like that..." Well then, don't you think you're friends with Rihua? "Ah, ahh...." After that, Susami remained silent for a while. If you're done, I'd like to go home early, but I can't do that if I'm standing in front of the gate. Susami placed her hand on my chin while staring at my face. "Do you know why I said I had to answer? "... no" "I'm sure your face will be more honest than your words. That's a good idea." "... what are you trying to say?" "No, sticky. There's only one thing I want to say." Fu, Susami's expression became softer. The room that was full just now has vanished, and now I feel gentle and warm. It was a strange face that never suited a girl the same age. "Rihua is such a good boy, so get along with him. I don't care how you do it." "... even if you say so, I won't be involved anymore." That's fine, please. That's what Susami said and nodded small. Weird guy. But I don't think it's a bad one. Somehow, I felt that the atmosphere was similar to that of Kyuya. "Chitose!" Suddenly a familiar voice appeared behind Susami. Though short, the overwhelming presence and beauty are unmistakable. It was orange. "Oh, did they find out? "If you didn't think so, I knew it was here! "Fufu. That's so sharp." "It's not funny! You're not bothering Nanba! "Excuse me. I won't bother you. Hey, Nanba? Susami looks to seek consent. I decided to keep my mouth shut with the intention of at least revenge. "Here we go, Chitose! "Yes, yes, I understand." Nanba, I'm sorry about Chitose. "Next time, grab the rope." "Yes" Orange lowered her head and walked towards the main gate, pulling Susami's hand, which seemed completely unreflected. After I lost sight of them, I exhaled deeply and put my hand on my chest. "... what the hell, this friend-like interaction?" Let's go to the public bath when we get back. Then let's eat some of the orange dishes we've cooked. Without it, this time our relationship will be completely over.